enhancement(enriching): add from and to date search to enrichment tables (#22926)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22926_enrichment_function_single_bounded_date_range_search.enhancement.md

> The [enrichment functions](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/vrl/functions/#enrichment-functions) now support single-bounded date range search. There are no changes to the function signatures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [enrichment functions](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/vrl/functions/#enrichment-functions) now support bounded date range filtering using optional `from` and `to` parameters. There are no changes to the function signatures. 
```
